My story into blogs (#2563)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/blog/nqt-to-head-of-biology.md

---
title: From NQT to head of biology in 2 years
date: "2019-11-18"
author: Sarah Fisher
images:
  q-sarah:
    path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-sarah-f.jpg"
    thumbnail_path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-sarah-f.jpg"
description: |-
  Sarah Fisher shares her story of how she became a department head in a subject she loves.
keywords:
  - life as a teacher
  - day in the life
  - classroom
tags:
  - career progression
---

Since this blog post was first published newly qualified teacher (NQT) status has been replaced with [qualified teacher status (QTS)](/what-is-qts).

$q-sarah$

Two years after qualifying as a teacher, I progressed to head of biology, climbing the career ladder. I always had an inkling that teaching was the right direction.

> ### I knew teaching was for me

Reviewer: I think the headings on all the new blogs are coming up as h3s instead of h2s 😬

---
title: From NQT to head of biology in 2 years
date: "2019-11-18"
author: Sarah Fisher
images:
  q-sarah:
    path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-sarah-f.jpg"
    thumbnail_path: "media/images/content/blog/stories-sarah-f.jpg"
description: |-
  Sarah Fisher shares her story of how she became a department head in a subject she loves.
keywords:
  - life as a teacher
  - day in the life
  - classroom
tags:
  - career progression
---

> Since this blog post was first published newly qualified teacher (NQT) status has been replaced with early career teacher (ECT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this blog post was first published, the term newly qualified teacher (NQT) has been replaced with early career teacher (ECT). This describes a teacher in their first two years of teaching.
```
Not sure this phrasing is quite right? And could we make this bit more prominent, so it's not as integrated into the blog post? Maybe a smaller warning banner like what we're adding to the internships page?

> Since this blog post was first published newly qualified teacher (NQT) status has been replaced with early career teacher (ECT).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since this blog post was first published, the term newly qualified teacher (NQT) has been replaced with early career teacher (ECT). This describes a teacher in their first two years of teaching.
```
Not sure this phrasing is quite right? And could we make this bit more prominent, so it's not as integrated into the blog post? Maybe a smaller warning banner like what we're adding to the internships page?

$q-sarah$

Two years after qualifying as a teacher, I progressed to head of biology, climbing the career ladder. I always had an inkling that teaching was the right direction.

## I knew teaching was for me

From an early age, I knew a teaching career was for me. I could not imagine working a typical nine-to-five desk job. Every day in teaching brings a new challenge and new situations, which is what makes the job so exciting.

When your pupils have those 'light bulb' moments, hearing the sudden 'So that's how it works!' and seeing them take your subject into A level and beyond makes the job so worthwhile.

> ## So grateful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## My career development
```
Not sure about this heading?

> ## So grateful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## My career development
```
Not sure about this heading?
